So you went to primary school, where did you go to primary school again?
Well there was a school right opposite me, that's where the bomb landed.
That was in 1941.
So can you tell me about the bomb?
Well it was a bio-German bomber trying to escape from a pilot,
and he had two left and he just got rid of them.
One landed on the railway line, and the other one landed in the school gardens.
And only the houses one and two were completely ruined.
I was downstairs and I could see the stars through the ceiling,
there was all the roof and garden and everything.
But only those two houses, and no one was killed.
You would have been about nine now?
Nine, yeah.
So what happened after that?
Well, you want the details?
My father was the manager, my uncle owned a big retail shop in Penderacayva,
which was four units in one, and it was on the top of a hill,
so there was accommodation below and above.
So my uncle rented out the accommodation, but kept one flat for himself,
because he lived in Cardiff, in case he got bombed out.
So we got bombed out, so we moved.
And we lived below and above the shop in Penderacayva,
and we stayed there for eight years.
This was rebuilt after the war, and we came back here in 1949.
After the house was rebuilt?
I think it was built, I think my parents rented it for a couple of years,
because we didn't come back straight after, we came back in 1949 at home.